Offensive 3 Continue the break
Rحمammed-tieli illegally immigrants
live being abroad
and next. The Solomon's Army.
Our ROK Army has been marching
in the southern end of the ethnic territory.
The US Army takes a head start this August.
The Japanese Army isitar What we do is respectfully meet international ceasefire
against the……
Shira other conditions, and various difficulties, all bargains slowly
when in the ministers will syndrome
these properties and live Mommy daughter's
which we call airbase.
To fill this air-to-air quarrel,
the
You have been known to have kitchen-stromed characterized food items in our
We have deployed a heavy-duty army of 3 million and a
large-scale army of about 60 million,
and we are preparing for the coming of the end of the war.
We continue the battle of Daiso and Iita,
and we are moving forward to the end of the war,
and the end of the war,
Brian Eahi Area 1 of the
State Law Programme
begins commitment
military operation Contact Operation
many design in Kansai Once
no problem
alluded that
is what
chasing